---
layout: 'post'
title: 'Church Creek TT CRP'
date: 'July 21, 2015'
description: 'Church Creek TT CRP.'
image: ''
imagedesc: ''

---
It was Dana Mellerio, Mike O'Neill, and I today at the Church Creek TT.  Mike and I in the Cat 4 race and Dana in the Masters' 45+.  This course is probably as flat as you'll find on the open road.  There are a few small bridges that rise maybe a couple of feet, if that, but otherwise, the course was flat as a board with a smoov, real smoov, road surface.  The primary obstacle is the wind with temp/humidity combination coming in a close second.  The first 15 km are the most exposed to wind off the bay.  Today seemed to be a mixture of cross wind and head wind to start, which transitioned to minimal wind when the road became more or less protected by trees at about 15 km through to the final right turn back towards the finish when it became was more of a tail wind with 15 km to go.  

Dana's race went off first.  I went off second in the Cat 4 group and Mike was off a few minutes behind me.  My goal was to keep my watts in the 300-315 range and take whatever speed that gave me.  I started a bit hard (adrenaline rush) going over my goal range by 30-50W but after about three minutes of that I settled down. I was slowly closing down on the guy who went off first.  But, bummer, before I could catch him I was caught and passed myself and not too long after that it happened again!  Caught and passed this time by All-American Racing's Ken Rowe.  Later on, I was eventually passed for the final time by a third rider.  All of them were moving at what seemed a significantly faster pace than mine.  Eventually, at around 15 km, I got around the guy I'd been chasing.  I continued to hold my watts as much as possible to just over 300.  I was worried about my lower back getting fatigued and would stand and pedal for a few seconds every so often.  I kept reminding myself that as much as it hurt, it'd all be over in a half an hour, in 20 minutes, in 10 minutes, and so on.  Worked a bit.  In the final 10 km I ramped up my effort again to the 350W range but the km weren't clicking off fast enough so I had to dial it back a bit until about 3 km to go.  Dana had warned me that the run into the finish is deceiving in that you'll think, "all right, finish around the next bend".  But no.  It wasn't.  Not the next one either.  He was right.  Seeing the 500 m sign was hands down the best moment of the entire morning. I had enough left to give a half-way decent sprint to the line from about 300 meters.  Felt good immediately after finishing but then minutes later I experienced the most excruciating shooting pains in my glutes and in whatever you call those muscles in the back of your legs, femur biceps?  The 5 mile ride back to the parking area was God-awful.  I could barely sit so had to ride standing mostly.

I feel great about the solid effort I applied through to the end, averaged 303 watts for one hour.  That said, I was hoping for better than 12th. Moral to this story is, a man on a TT bike will whup a man on a road bike every time the road goes flat.