---
layout: 'races'
title: 'Giro di Coppi'
description: 'The Giro di Coppi returns with a challenging road race on a rolling course in Montgomery County, near Sugarloaf Mountain. Race held rain or shine. '
Time: 'July 11, 2015 at 9:00 AM'
Address: 'Barnesville, MD'
Total Distance: '75/50/37.5'
---

The 2015 Giro di Coppi returns for another year of quality racing on July 11, 2015.
View Course Map route/race description: strava link -- http://www.strava.com/segments/giro-di-coppi-course-lap-685048 and
http://ridewithgps.com/routes/124215

Register Now
https://www.bikereg.com/james-p-bellora-memorial-giro-di-coppi

Squadra Coppi and Veloworks-Spokes Etc. Presents:

The James P. Bellora Memorial

Giro di Coppi

Held under USA Cycling Permit: 2015-####

 

Saturday, July 11, 2015

The James P. Bellora Memorial Giro di Coppi returns the classic rolling course in Montgomery 

County, Maryland near Sugarloaf Mountain.  Race held rain or shine.    

Time Field Distance Prize 

9:00am M1/2/3 75 miles $500/5 

9:05am M3 50 miles $250/5 

9:10am M4 50 miles $250/5 

1:30pm M3/4 35+ 50 miles $250/5 

1:35pm M5 37.5 miles trophy 

1:40pm W1/2/3/4 37.5 miles $250/5 

Field limit: 75 for all races.

Entry fee: $35.00 all races (with an additional service fee for online registration). $10 Late Fee 

for day-of registration (Total $45.00).

Results: Official results for morning races will be posted after the completion of all morning 

races; official results for afternoon races will be posted after the completion of all afternoon 

All races open to non-MABRA riders. 

Course Description and Layout: Rolling 12.5 mile loop.  Start at the Barnesville School on 

Barnesville Rd.  Right at Old Hundred Road. Right on Comus Road.  Right on Shiloh Church 

Road.  Right on W. Old Baltimore Road.  Left on Slidell Road.  Right on Barnesville Road to 

Start/Finish.  Finish at Barnesville Baptist Church.  Feed zone located at Peachtree and 

Barnesville Rd (near the Barnesville School).  Centerline rule will be strictly enforced.

Wheel van will follow each race.  Wheels in/wheels out support only.  Race promoter is not 

responsible for missing or damaged wheels.

Gear restrictions will be enforced for all junior riders. 

Registration: Pre-register at BikeReg.com.  No mail-in.  No Refunds.  No Transfers. $10 

late fee for day-of registration.

Online registration closes at 8pm Wednesday July 8, 2015. 

THERE WILL BE NO DAY-OF REGISTRATION. 

One-day licenses for new racers only (for racers who have never held an annual USAC racing 

license). One-day license fee is $15.00.

Parking and registration at the Barnesville School.  

21830 Peach Tree Road, Dickerson MD 20838

PARKING IS LIMITED; Squadra Coppi strongly urges racers to carpool.

Directions:  From I-270, take Exit 22 toward MD-109 S/Old Hundred Rd. Make a right onto 

S/Old Hundred Rd. Drive 5 miles and left onto Barnesville Rd. Drive 1 mile and take a right on 

Peach Tree Rd. School is immediately on your right.



